---
template: post
title: Story of Dub
slug: dub-story
socialImage: /media/hate-facebook.png
video: "https://www.youtube.com/embed/BvLBY6YJ4oQ?autoplay=1"
draft: false
date: 2022-04-17T22:40:32.169Z
description: dub's story
category: story
tags:
  - passive income
---
I set this pic as my facebook profile the other night. I thought, or hoped, people may identify and laugh. Also I knew that it was more about the feeling that facebook evokes in me, even though I didn't want to admit it. I've always struggled for connection, to fit in somewhere, and to be confident in my voice. I'm still stuck going quiet often, when my head goes down in this computer too long, which is everyday, or when I feel down on myself for or think about realizations and memories that are getting back to me from childhood even as recently as a few hours ago today. 

Ever since I can remember I've gotten picked on. I'll start my story when I was 8 and we moved to the end of a cul-de-sac where we always had a line of houses with 4 or 5 boys all the same age. Now the 90's were crazy for lots of reasons, but one is that in Florida, one mile from the beach, there was still a redneck click. My friend next door and his older bother from Oklahoma were made for it. They had big belt buckles, boots, knives, and everything, and my friend, chez whitey, was a cowboy cut to cloth, from his casper skin, okie from Muskogee accent, his big ass cowboy hat filling head, and later, but not much later, tattoos. My other neighbor, MacGyver, decided to go country and I got some wrangler jeans and roper boots for my goofy, lanky ass... or asked my parent to buy them. We went to mudholes, one where snaggletooth abandoned his yugo that had a big ass taco-meter, I took a heated up lighter to the arm from a guy on a challenge from a guy who once drove his pickup truck into salt water enough to total it,  and I got into forestry class. With chez whitey, MacGyver and me, dub the other of us original 4 was the Bell. I'd been with the Bell and Chez Whitey since 3rd grade, and we'd grown up playing stick ball on the cul-de-sac, watching mtv after school, walking to school playing buzzabebee to, a game where if you say word with b you can git hit in the arm until you say buzzabee. Where we went to forestry class, the Bell went to horticulture class. He had an older sibling, and had even bigger click growing at his house, well at least more cars coming and going. Eventually some of that click were people who liked to wear a lot of blue and didn't like people who wore red. We used to hop my back fence as a shortcut getting to school, and I saw him walk past my front window (rode home early on my moped) trailing a thick line of blood out of his nose that went back a quarter mile to the store next to the school. He'd gotten his absolutely split because they thought he wore blue. 

I'm sure you can guess what else he was into and learning at horticulture class. We all liked to chief, but I really got into it with Bell as much as I could. We were also getting into be committed exercising with 12oz curl most days . We'd been having side of the campouts for a few years, and while they started tame with hibachi marshmallows and maybe smokes we got from the machine at John's Pass, we quickly got to enjoying some beverages from where we could or raiding the parents liquor cabinet, sometimes even getting out the rubbing alcohol, or Albertsons vodka (couldn't stand the taste of even just orange juice for months)a. We all had and saw plenty of crazy moments, and went to extremes, but my plant loving friend, the Bell, and I in particular just like to stay there. Everyone knew that I wasn't cut out for line dancing or getting a mud truck. The other friend who joined, MacGyver, got him a nice blazer with snorkel and hung out more with the rednecks for a while, then started to do more his own MacGyver thing. I decided to get me some JNCO jeans and some nautica shirts, or ask my parents to buy them... and I joined Bell's click too, or something... As you can probably guess by now, I was kind of a tag along, not sure where I fit and still figuring it out, but we'll get to that. The  had some extremely crazy, funny, and fearless friends who I'd pop up in with sometimes.  He also liked to show up and knock on my window a lot around 1 on school nights with the zip he just got from South St Pete and we'd geek out on the gangsta wrap tape he got there too. I'm not even going to get into the Beaker, who I made friends with through Bell, and all the two ducks in a bucket said fuckit nights, but you get the ideas. It was all off the chain, but I obviously didn't exactly fit in anywhere and was along for the ride, or even driving it in my Dodge Shadow with the Bell's dirty pill puke smell in the back, the plexiglass window that dad put in when he broke it, and the missing back bumper fender that fell off on the Howard Franklin the night bell puked. 

I always worked too. My first job ever was selling pickles at the Renaissane Festival in Largo. It has since been torn down to so they could move the Largo Library across the street to there and build the park, but the Largo Ren Fest was the Jam, and I'd been going there since they put a picture with me in my dad's arms hanging out with Merlin and we would watch a guy that looked like Andre the Giant little people toss a man in the human chess match. From there I washed dishes at a retirement home, stocked (and punched through) boxes at Winn Dixie, did training to tele-market vacation packages for a week, did training at a place where they were slamming people's phone lines (scam in the 90's to switch peoples' long distance carriers) with Beaker for 3 days until they told us to pick up the phones and go to another office, dodged hot motor oil for a day as the drain man in a pit going to work with MacGyver until bossman said "this job ain't for you is it son?" and I said now, bussed tables while wearing a crimson blazer for crack waiters at the fine dining of the Wine Cellar twice, the second time after I knocked over a crate of glasses in the store room and didn't want to clean it up so quit the first time, cashiered at Publix... worked a factory line robot to fill pill bottles at mail order pharmacy for Eckerds, and got reprimanded a couple times from the district manager at Blockbuster for always playing Happy Gilmore instead of the promo video when I was an assistant manager and a few more I'm not remembering. 

As well I never gave up on school. Everyone I knew just ended up with a GED, but I stayed in high school... into my 5th year, and then decided to get mine. I'd always been pretty good at school though, and my parents helped me stick with it and continue on through St Petersburg College despite several dropped in person classes. Online classes really started to get going about that time though, and I found those just right for me, and kept at it. The craziness with Bell and Beaker, and now my younger neighbor down the street and his crew, especially his born with a beard, good man J, and our other friend Bri Guy and his crew, who I'll give a shout here,  continued, but I tried to keep improving. When I was 20, MacGyver and I got into going into the gym. I was a rail at a skinny 180 pounds, although I'm probably about the same now. I decided I wanted to bulk up. I was working at Born Bearded J's shop at the time, and I would get 3 egg mcmuffins ($1 back then) and a cinnamon roll McDonald's at first break everyday, after having made myself a 4 egg omelette and cereal at home for breakfast, then for lunch sometime I'd hit the chinese buffet, or better when I could, go to yaya's chicken back when they had a buffet, and I would knock out 2 whole (but little) chickens plus a couple rounds of sides and do nothing but stuff my face for an hour and 20 or so. I went from 180 to 225 in about 3 months, a lot of it muscle from the work we were doing. I started to stop hanging out with Beaker as much, and the Bell in particular I tried to start to separate myself from, although being my neighbor a couple doors down, sometimes I'd still hangout down around them and Potich and Born Bearded J. The oxy craze was really getting going about that time, and I wasn't a big fan, especially once I heard of a friend we had passing. I started a new office job, completing people's signup into a a non-profit credit counseling agency after they payed the referral fee with the for profit company upstairs and were transferred down (hey, the interest rates they got early on that time were worth it. 

Around there and then is where I met my beautiful wife to be while she was visiting from Ecuador. I'd a had a few girl friends before then, and though one of them I later saw on a Winghouse billboard, none of them quite worked out. One was a good girl, but when she asked me where my money was going and I said "beer and boobies" (fake id) and it kind of ended from there. This girl who would be my wife was different, and she still is, although we're not together like that anymore. She was and always will be amazingly beautiful, just something about her and how she carries herself. I fell all the way in love. All I wanted was to be with her. I had grown up so fast and early, like we all did then, and I was ready. I mailed an engagement ring on valentines day with a letter asking her to marry me, and with her acceptance I flew to Ecuador to marry her in the summer when I was 22. 

At first I was a little taken off guard by all the not stuccoed building, and the chaotic traffic, but once we got to her family's place, a townhouse nestled around a beautiful courtyard, quietly (by Quito standards) nestled away, but close to everything, I found more peace than I could knew existed. It was like time slowed down and I'd gone back in time. Her family knew how to live well, and I had never known and have yet to know anyone who knows to how to live as well as they do. They are connected, and I realized that is something that I had always wanted. I had family in Ohio we'd visited, and I'd experienced that some and felt it something I was missing, but with her family in Ecuador was something completely complete it felt. I

It's getting late,  and I'm not a fast writer (why I had to drop in person composition 3 times) and I want to share this tonight. I spent too much time on the funny stuff I had fun recollecting earlier, so I'm going to summarize a lot of the rest of my and our lives from there and get to the point I want to share, the point tonight where I change, at least incrementally, but more I'm confident, maybe for the first time really in my life. 

After we got back from Ecuador, had our honeymoon to Daytona Beach.. and finally got settled into an apartment, I soon I learned I would be a father. She was scared, but I felt ready. I'd thought for a long time about what kind of father I wanted to be, that I always wanted to have a close relationship with my kids, to understand them, to always be teaching and sharing with them, and for them to feel like they never have to hide anything from me, that I'll never judge them. We took him to Ecuador when he was 3 months old (and he filled his diaper with the biggest diaper overflowing dump ever seen right as we were landing) and I came back to find us a house to buy... 

I'm going to call this and take a break for the night. I'll do my best to share the rest the story soon. I'll tell more about our amazing fist son, and maybe a bit about his own adventures. I'll introduce you to our naturally brilliant second son, who is also gifted/cursed with the ability to do anything like me. I'm sure you can guess where a lot of this may be going, but we'll all see what tomorrow holds.